reloader: don't fail on envvar expansion errors (#7429)
thanos-io/thanos: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> - [#7429](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/7429): Reloader: introduce `suppressEnvironmentVariablesExpansionErrors` to allow suppressing errors when expanding environment variables in the configuration file. When set, this will ensure that the reloader won't crash when an unset environment variable is encountered. Note that all unset environment variables are left as is, whereas all set environment variables are expanded as usual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#7429](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/7429): Reloader: introduce `suppressEnvironmentVariablesExpansionErrors` to allow suppressing errors when expanding environment variables in the configuration file. When set, this will ensure that the reloader won't consider the operation to fail when an unset environment variable is encountered. Note that all unset environment variables are left as is, whereas all set environment variables are expanded as usual.
```

> - [#7429](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/pull/7429): Reloader: introduce `suppressEnvironmentVariablesExpansionErrors` to allow suppressing errors when expanding environment variables in the configuration file. When set, this will ensure that the reloader won't consider the operation to fail when an unset environment variable is encountered. Note that all unset environment variables are left as is, whereas all set environment variables are expanded as usual.

Author: Fixed. Also moved this to the `Added` section since we are adding to a, IIUC, user-visible API (`reloader.Options`)?
